improve overall docs and addon usage (#60)
mswjs/msw-storybook-addon: README.md

- Document how a component behaves in various scenarios.
- Get a11y, snapshot and visual tests using other addons for free.

[Full documentation and live demos](https://msw-sb.vercel.app/)

## Installing and Setup

### Install MSW and the addon

```sh

> npm i -D msw msw-storybook-addon

Reviewer: A minor comment but I generally recommend putting the flags _after_ the installed package names. That way the most important things come first:

- what command? `npm`
- what subcommand? `install`
- install what? `msw msw-storybook-addon`
- install how? `-D`

Author: good one!

```

### Generate service worker for MSW in your public folder.

_If you already use MSW in your project, you have likely done this before so you can skip this step._

```sh
npx msw init public/
```

Refer to the [MSW official guide](https://mswjs.io/docs/getting-started/integrate/browser) for framework specific paths if you don't use `public`.

> ### Enable MSW in Storybook by adding this to `./storybook/preview.js`

Reviewer: This heading looks more like a paragraph that should go below it. What do you think if we rephrase it as `### Configure Storybook`/`Add the add-on`?

Author: good one!

```js
import { initialize, mswDecorator } from 'msw-storybook-addon';

// Initialize MSW
initialize();

// Provide the MSW addon decorator globally
export const decorators = [mswDecorator];
```

### Start Storybook

When running Storybook, you have to serve the `public` folder as an asset to Storybook. Refer to [the docs](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/configure/images-and-assets) if needed.

```sh
npm run start-storybook -s public
```

## Usage

You can pass request handlers (https://mswjs.io/docs/basics/request-handler) into the `handlers` property of the `msw` parameter. This is commonly an array of handlers.

```js
import { rest } from 'msw'

export const SuccessBehavior = () => <UserProfile />

SuccessBehavior.parameters = {
  msw: {
    handlers: [
      rest.get('/user', (req, res, ctx) => {
        return res(
          ctx.json({
            firstName: 'Neil',
            lastName: 'Maverick',
          })
        )
      }),
    ]
  },
}
```

**Deprecated usage**

> From previous versions, the msw parameter takes an array of handlers. **This is not recommended** anymore and is deprecated. You should use the `handlers` instead, as stated above.

Reviewer: Do you think documenting deprecations is worth it? 

I like to think of any documentation as the guidelines I can (and likely should) follow. Including deprecation mentions _and examples_ may do more harm than use. For example, somebody may be browsing through the docs in a hurry and their eyes would stop on the first seemingly plausible example. Too bad if it turns out to be a deprecated usage example.

Author: I agree. removing!

```js
import { rest } from 'msw'

export const SuccessBehavior = () => <UserProfile />

SuccessBehavior.parameters = {
  msw: [
   rest.get('/user', (req, res, ctx) => {
    return res(
      ctx.json({
       firstName: 'Neil',
       lastName: 'Maverick',
      })
    )
   }),
  ],
}
```

### Advanced Usage

> #### Sharing handlers with parameter inheritance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Inheriting request handlers
```

Reviewer: Or even better: "Composing request handlers"

Author: good one!

       })
      )
    }),
   }
  }
}
```

Now suppose you want to ovewrite the global handlers for auth. All you have to do is set them again in your story and these values will take precedence:
```js
// This story will overwrite the auth handlers from preview.js
FailureBehavior.parameters = {
  msw: {
   handlers: {
    auth: rest.get('/login', (req, res, ctx) => {
      return res(ctx.status(403))
    }),
   }
  }
}

```

What if you want to disable global handlers? All you have to do is set them as null and they will be ignored for your story:
```js
// This story will disable the auth handlers from preview.js
NoAuthBehavior.parameters = {
  msw: {
   handlers: {
    auth: null,
    others: [
      rest.get('/numbers', (req, res, ctx) => {
       return res(ctx.json([1, 2, 3]))
      }),
      rest.get('/strings', (req, res, ctx) => {
       return res(ctx.json(['a', 'b', 'c']))
      }),
    ],
   }
  }
}
```

#### Configuring MSW

`msw-storybook-addon` starts MSW with default configuration. If you want to configure it, you can pass options to the `initialize` function. They are the [StartOptions](https://mswjs.io/docs/api/setup-worker/start) from setupWorker.

> A common example is to configure the `onUnhandledRequest` behavior, as MSW logs a warning in case there are requests which were not handled.

Reviewer: We may consider linking to the `onUnhandledRequest` page in the [docs](https://mswjs.io/docs/api/setup-worker/start#onunhandledrequest).

Author: good idea

If you want MSW to bypass unhandled requests and not do anything:
```js
// preview.js
import { initialize } from 'msw-storybook-addon';

initialize({
  onUnhandledRequest: 'bypass'
})
```

If you want to warn a helpful message in case stories make requests that should be handled but are not:
```js
// preview.js
import { initialize } from 'msw-storybook-addon';

initialize({
  onUnhandledRequest: ({ method, url }) => {
    if (url.pathname.startsWith('/my-specific-api-path')) {
      console.error(`Unhandled ${method} request to ${url}.

        This exception has been only logged in the console, however, it's strongly recommended to resolve this error as you don't want unmocked data in Storybook stories.

        If you wish to mock an error response, please refer to this guide: https://mswjs.io/docs/recipes/mocking-error-responses
      `)
    }
  },
})
```

> #### Using this addon in node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using with Node.js
```

> Storybook provides libraries such as [@storybook/testing-react](https://github.com/storybookjs/testing-react), which allows you to reuse stories in your jest tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storybook provides libraries like [@storybook/testing-react](https://github.com/storybookjs/testing-react) that allow you to reuse your stories in test suites directly.
```

> If you are using stories in your tests, `msw-storybook-addon` will work as intended, but instead of using a service worker implementation, it will use a server implementation. `msw-storybook-addon` provides access to the server instance, in case you'd like to do something with it:

Reviewer: I wonder if this isn't internal details information that the end consumer may not need to know. 🤔

Reviewer: Perhaps we can mention what the consumer can do without diving into internal specifics. For example:

> When using this add-on in Node.js you can get the reference to the worker instance to use its [API](#).

 I really think we should rename the `getWorker` function to make sense in Node.js as well. A couple of suggestions:

- `getInstance`
- `getMockInstance`

Author: I think for now I'll just remove this section altogether. We can work on the function name on another PR!
